spoiler tag for registers section (#22)
hackclub/some-assembly-required: guide/writing-code/instructions/math.md

add rax, rbx;
```
<details>
<summary><i>In assembly, what do you think the value of <code>rax</code> will be?</i></summary>

> _In assembly, we're adding the contents of `rbx` to the contents of `rax`. At the end of this, `rax` will contain the value `4`._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<br />
_We're adding the contents of `rbx` to the contents of `rax`. At the end of this, `rax` will contain the value `4`._
```

sub rax, rbx;
```
<details>
<summary><i>In assembly, what do you think the value of <code>rax</code> will be?</i></summary>

> _In assembly, we're minusing the contents of `rbx` from the contents of `rax`. At the end of this, `rax` will contain the value `2`._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<br />
_We're minusing the contents of `rbx` from the contents of `rax`. At the end of this, `rax` will contain the value `2`._
```

mul rax, rbx;
```
<details>
<summary><i>In assembly, we're multiplying the contents of <code>rbx</code> with the contents of <code>rax</code>. At the end of this, <code>rax</code> will contain the value <code>6</code>. Can you guess how the <code>mul</code> instruction works?</i></summary>

<br />

> The `mul` instruction multiplies the contents of the register (`rbx`, which contains `3`) on the right side to the contents of the register on the left side (`rax`, which contains `2`). It then takes the product of these two numbers and stores the value _into_ the register on the left side (`rax`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<i>The `mul` instruction multiplies the contents of the register (`rbx`, which contains `3`) on the right side to the contents of the register on the left side (`rax`, which contains `2`). It then takes the product of these two numbers and stores the value _into_ the register on the left side (`rax`).</i>
```
